Updates for UDOIT classic to fix a few issues (#902)
ucfopen/UDOIT: README.md

To start the Heroku deployment process, you can click the button below, please note, that although this button eliminates much of the installation complexity, there are still some configuration steps that need to be followed, those steps are outlined in the [HEROKU.md Readme](HEROKU.md).

> <a href="https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/tl-its-umich-edu/UDOIT/tree/classic" title="Deploy to Heroku"><img src="https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy to Heroku" title="Deploy to Heroku Button"></a>

Author: Switch back Deploy to Heroku Button
```suggestion
<a href="https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/ucfopen/UDOIT/tree/classic" title="Deploy to Heroku"><img src="https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy to Heroku" title="Deploy to Heroku Button"></a>
```
